com/healthcare/helper/databinding/FragmentPatientLoginBinding.java
 com.healthcare.helper.databinding.FragmentPatientLoginBinding
com/healthcare/helper/databinding/ActivityPatientSearchResultBinding.java
 com.healthcare.helper.databinding.ActivityPatientSearchResultBinding
com/healthcare/helper/databinding/ActivityPatientMainBinding.java
 com.healthcare.helper.databinding.ActivityPatientMainBinding
com/healthcare/helper/databinding/ActivityRegisterRoleBinding.java
 com.healthcare.helper.databinding.ActivityRegisterRoleBinding
com/healthcare/helper/databinding/AdminLoginLayoutBinding.java
 com.healthcare.helper.databinding.AdminLoginLayoutBinding
com/healthcare/helper/databinding/AddNewDegreeItemBinding.java
 com.healthcare.helper.databinding.AddNewDegreeItemBinding
com/healthcare/helper/databinding/ActivitySample1Binding.java
 com.healthcare.helper.databinding.ActivitySample1Binding
com/healthcare/helper/databinding/ActivityConstraintlayout3Binding.java
 com.healthcare.helper.databinding.ActivityConstraintlayout3Binding
com/healthcare/helper/databinding/ActivityPatientBookAppointmentBinding.java
 com.healthcare.helper.databinding.ActivityPatientBookAppointmentBinding
com/healthcare/helper/databinding/ActivityMainBinding.java
 com.healthcare.helper.databinding.ActivityMainBinding
com/healthcare/helper/databinding/ActivitySplashScreenBinding.java
 com.healthcare.helper.databinding.ActivitySplashScreenBinding
com/healthcare/helper/databinding/ActivityConstraintlayout2Binding.java
 com.healthcare.helper.databinding.ActivityConstraintlayout2Binding
com/healthcare/helper/databinding/FilterDoctorItemBinding.java
 com.healthcare.helper.databinding.FilterDoctorItemBinding
com/healthcare/helper/databinding/FragmentPatientUpcomingBookingBinding.java
 com.healthcare.helper.databinding.FragmentPatientUpcomingBookingBinding
com/healthcare/helper/databinding/FragmentPatientPastBookingBinding.java
 com.healthcare.helper.databinding.FragmentPatientPastBookingBinding
com/healthcare/helper/databinding/ActivityDoctorPatientLoginBinding.java
 com.healthcare.helper.databinding.ActivityDoctorPatientLoginBinding
com/healthcare/helper/databinding/ActivityChooseRoleBinding.java
 com.healthcare.helper.databinding.ActivityChooseRoleBinding
com/healthcare/helper/BuildConfig.java
 com.healthcare.helper.BuildConfig
com/healthcare/helper/databinding/AppointmentDetailRowItemBinding.java
 com.healthcare.helper.databinding.AppointmentDetailRowItemBinding
com/healthcare/helper/databinding/ActivityConstraintLayoutBinding.java
 com.healthcare.helper.databinding.ActivityConstraintLayoutBinding
com/healthcare/helper/databinding/AvailableDoctorsFragmentBinding.java
 com.healthcare.helper.databinding.AvailableDoctorsFragmentBinding
com/healthcare/helper/databinding/AvailableDoctorListItemBinding.java
 com.healthcare.helper.databinding.AvailableDoctorListItemBinding
com/healthcare/helper/databinding/DoctorDegreeDropdownItemBinding.java
 com.healthcare.helper.databinding.DoctorDegreeDropdownItemBinding
com/healthcare/helper/databinding/ActivityDoctorProfileBinding.java
 com.healthcare.helper.databinding.ActivityDoctorProfileBinding
com/healthcare/helper/databinding/AddTimeSlotBinding.java
 com.healthcare.helper.databinding.AddTimeSlotBinding
com/healthcare/helper/databinding/DoctorFilterDialogBinding.java
 com.healthcare.helper.databinding.DoctorFilterDialogBinding
com/healthcare/helper/databinding/AddDateTimeSlotLayoutBinding.java
 com.healthcare.helper.databinding.AddDateTimeSlotLayoutBinding
com/healthcare/helper/databinding/PatientAppointmentDetailsFragmentBinding.java
 com.healthcare.helper.databinding.PatientAppointmentDetailsFragmentBinding
com/healthcare/helper/databinding/FutureDateItemBinding.java
 com.healthcare.helper.databinding.FutureDateItemBinding
com/healthcare/helper/databinding/AvailableDoctorTimingRowItemBinding.java
 com.healthcare.helper.databinding.AvailableDoctorTimingRowItemBinding
com/healthcare/helper/databinding/ActivityPatientAppointmentHistoryBinding.java
 com.healthcare.helper.databinding.ActivityPatientAppointmentHistoryBinding
com/healthcare/helper/databinding/ActivityPatientLoginSignUpBinding.java
 com.healthcare.helper.databinding.ActivityPatientLoginSignUpBinding
com/healthcare/helper/databinding/FragmentPatientSignupBinding.java
 com.healthcare.helper.databinding.FragmentPatientSignupBinding
com/healthcare/helper/databinding/AppointmentDateItemBinding.java
 com.healthcare.helper.databinding.AppointmentDateItemBinding
